Add Trait Object Support (#239)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/well-formed.md

            }
        }

        // Check vtables: All vtables for the same trait must have the same method names defined.
        for (_name, vtable) in self.vtables {
            let Some(trait_methods) = self.traits.get(vtable.trait_name) else {
                throw_ill_formed!("Program: vtable for unknown trait");
            };
            let methods = vtable.methods.keys().collect::<Set<_>>();

>             ensure_wf(methods == trait_methods, "Program: vtables which defines invalid methods")?;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            ensure_wf(methods == trait_methods, "Program: vtable has not the right set of methods")?;
```
Also, is there a test hitting this case?

Author: No, this PR contains neither UB nor Ill-formedness tests. I should probably add this though.

Reviewer: Yes please do :)

            }
        }

>         // Check vtables: All vtables for the same trait must have the same methods defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Check vtables: All vtables for the same trait must have the same method names defined.
```

        let mut traits: Map<TraitName, Set<TraitMethodName>> = Map::new();
        for (_name, vtable) in self.vtables {
            let methods = vtable.methods.keys().collect();
            match traits.insert(vtable.trait_name, methods) {

>                 Some(prev_methods) => ensure_wf(methods == prev_methods, "Program: vtables with same trait but different methods")?,

Reviewer: Hm, should the program contain a `traits: Map<TraitName, Set<TraitMethodName>>` field so that this becomes a bit less ad-hoc here?

Reviewer: I think a comment can easily explain that confusion.

Having some central place where all (dynamically invokeable) traits are "declared" makes a lot of sense IMO.
